List of UI Reviews:
1. I loved this app, but ever since the last update the filters don't work. Any filter that alters someone's face, I can take a picture but I can't take video anymore. The audio will come up normally and yet the video is like it's doing a slideshow, each frame holds for 5 seconds before switching to the next. Most of the app functions normally but filters that alter people's faces just will not work and it's driving me insane. They worked a couple weeks ago so what did you guys do????,

2. My AI is so annoying. I've clicked on it by accident many times. There should be a free option to get rid of it. I don't think it's fair that iPhone users get dark mode for free, but android users have to pay for premium to have the option. Go back to the simplicity. I've had snap since 2013. It's a great way to send photos & videos to friends & family & keep in touch. The Discover Page & tiktok pages are also annoying. If i wanna watch tiktoks I'll go to tiktok where the videos are clear.,

3. The advertisement of Snapchat+ is seriously invasive and annoying. I also find it hilarious that at first you had to pay for My AI, but now you have to pay to get rid of it. I also wish there was an option to turn off the discover page since I find it so distracting. The one thing I'll never stop complaining about is the new bitmojis. I don't think anyone was asking for creepy 3D ones, and the 2D ones were far more charming. It feels like you're trying to copy Meta (Facebook), disappointing.,

4. it's a easy way to send pictures and talk to other people but now it's just getting to be too much, an off-brand tiktok page, the bitmoji updates are starting to look a bit weird, I just wish we're the way they used to be. The AI is getting really annoying too, of there was a option to remove it completely that would be nice because sometimes when I click on a completely different conversation, it open the AI. The AI part of snap is all making me phone glitch a lot, but it could just be me.,

5. The app functionality has been alright, not really here to comment on that. The bitmojis..I did not see the need to update them again, and they look worse. The extra detail really isn't needed when the previous ones actually looked good. Plus, the way the new one looks while editing and how it stands is definitely worse as well. If you're going to continue updating them, please keep the stickers how they are with the previous ones. Or give us an option to choose our bitmoji design, please.,

6. I have never used, nor will I use the My AI. It's a waste of space. I absolutely hate that there is no way to get rid of it or have the option of turning it off? It's really annoying.🚩 It's biased to only let iPhone users have dark mode instantly, and me, an Android user pay for it? If it's free on iOS, I want it to be free everywhere else, please.🚩 Aside, I think my favorite thing about the app is the sticker maker. I haven't made any new stickers recently, but tossing in customized faces.❤,

7. Snapchat is an amazing app to respond and socialize with friends, even when they are far away! The app has everything. Such as the stories feature, the 'tiktoks', pictures, filters, and even a map. But, I really despise the AI bot. It is kind of disturbing and weird. Recently, it posted a story on its page, which is absurd for it to happen. Honestly, Snapchat should just make it an option to have it 😊🥰.,

8. App is okay for quickly sharing non-important photos and videos, but it's seriously bloated with features that really aren't useful. The interface is a convoluted mess, and there's probably better options available. The most egregious addition was a My AI that is permanently pinned to the top of your messages/contacts. And you can not remove it unless you pay money. It's the tipping point for me, I've accidentally selected the AI so many times, and it's becoming incredibly frustrating.,

9. Used to be better. The Discover page is just clickbait and after you're done viewing your friends' stories it just plays the first thing on the page on its own. The 3D Bitmojis are kind of annoying, since there isn't an option to perfer showing the original ones. However, the addition of 5 streak restores per month is brilliant! It's very easy to do and a reasonable number of restores. Good job with that! When it comes to My AI, please stop forcing it. Give us the option to remove it. That's all,

10. I love this app, been using it for a long time. love communicating with friends and groups. The filters are awesome and it's overall a good experience. However, ever since they updated the bitmojis and made them 3D it looks cringy and has kind of ruined it for me. I loved the 2D ones though please change it back to that. Also you should be able to access snapchat from the web on phone, but u can only edit basic things. It's still a good app but they could improve.,

11. Snapchat is a popular social media app known for its variety of filters to click photos and videos. It offers a fun and interactive way to stay connected with friends through snaps and Stories. However, its user interface can be a bit confusing for newcomers, and privacy concerns have been raised in the past. Overall, Snapchat is great for sharing moments, but it may not be everyone's cup of tea.,

12. I lost my streaks even though I paid within the given time. I'm expecting to be given my money back, even if it is just 99p. Also, the AI chat is pretty pointless, and from what I know, you can't delete it. It can lag quite a lot too, especially when recording. However, it's alright for chatting and scrolling on videos, and the filters are fun.,

13. A FEW THINGS WRONG.... Every single filter freezes for a couple minutes when I try to take a video & it does it a couple times in a row before it goes back to normal, also sometimes the videos start out glitchy & slow.. Every single day for weeks now. Also, now the light switches to brighter for a second then goes back to normal when I'm taking a video too, I have to have my phone at a certain uncomfortable angle so the camera light doesn't do that.,

14. The application suffers from a significant number of glitches. When attempting to edit my snap and then add a song, upon returning, the entire experience becomes disorganized and chaotic. The recipient of my snap is presented with a distorted image that I never intended, thanks to these glitches. Moreover, any information I edit is inaccurately placed, and the app automatically selects presets or filters that I was merely checking. This disrupts the intended user experience.,

15. It's a fun & easy way to take selfies & group pics to share with friends & family and to capture memorable moments bc you are able to download/save photos to your device. I love the filters! There must be 1,000s of filters & the app allows you to save your favs & share. There's a lot more you can do within the app if you take the time to explore.,

16. The bitmojis are getting worse and worse. Nobody even asked for a 3d bitmoji. It would be better if there was an option to have it 2d or 3d, but right now, it just looks horrible. The AI thing they introduced is also annoying, being at the top of the messages list and not being able to remove it despite its uselessness.,

17. The AI is annoying and intrusive. there's no reason it should be forced into the top of ur friends list, and no reason why you can't delete it unless you PAY for it. I already thought locking pretty basic features behind a pay wall was cheap and dirty, but the AI makes it worse. if you don't have snapchat already-- don't get it.,

18. Horrible, it's so laggy sometimes and when I try to edit a camera roll video it sends the videos in individual clips and then I look stupid so I have to delete all of them, and then when you send a video it makes you go back to text instead of leaving you on the camera roll so I have to go all the way back down to find something again,

19. Making the bitmojis and stickers 3d was an awful idea!👎 It doesn't seem fun anymore. All the reasom im using this app is for silly and fun interface and gimmicks of it. I think its the case for most other people too. Even besides that, the realistic ones look ugly. Dear team snapchat, please return them back to normal.,

20. Something changed recently to where when you post a memory to your story anyone viewing cant see what date/time its from. It only says how long ago it was added to the story. Ex: If I post an OLD memory it says 1 hour ago instead of August 14th 2021 in the top left under the users name. I find it frustrating because when I want to post a memory I want to also include when it's from.,

21. I love Snapchat Always been a big fan of it. You can take pictures & videos & save those memories into your phone & into the app. You control who adds you & who sees your posts. It's a great way to connect with old friends & family & make silly memories especially with the funny filters. I just wish snap would add back the games because those games were fun..I don't really like the Snapchat+.,

22. Recent photos (from every other application) now in the way when trying to take a snap; could just upload from Memories under camera roll? Moving the emojis to the left under friend icons creates too much clutter on the left side and is hard to look at. Please stop changing the UI you keep making it worse.,

23. The app would be much improved if it had a dark mode NOT BEHIND A PAY WALL. As well as more options for length of time messages are kept and not allowing them to be saved in chat. The filters are ok and the stories are ok. DARK MODE SHOULD NOT BE A PAY WALL.,

24. Hey I was using nothing Phone 2 and it seems the app is not optimised for the device as the snaps are having too much processing. Moreover there was a glitch with the night mode it was there when I first installed the app after that the night mode option is not showing at all. To bring it again I have to reinstall the app then it will show but it will only be for the 1st time I open the app.,

25. I love using Snapchat to talk to my friends and engage with others. The only gripe I have currently is somewhat of a bug. People complained when the back button was moved next to the call button and then it was moved back to the other side. Mine is still on the right side near the call but my other friends have it on the opposite side. If I can somehow fix this, I'll change my rating to 5 stars 🌟.,

26. I really love this app, I can message my friends, there are so many different filters, I can watch as well and I have maps. This app is really good. The only thing that is really annoying is the new update, it has made the avatars so bad. Especially the facial features such as eyes, facial shape and more. It's really annoying to look at the avatars of my friends in chat. This app would be 5 stars if the update would be removed. I think that there should be an option between 2D and 3D avatars.,

27. Camera won't orient itself upright. Takes pictures as if I'm holding the phone the opposite way that I am holding it. (portrait vs landscape orientation) the filters have also stopped working. What is the issue?,