List of Speed Reviews:
1. I love this app, been using it for a long time. love communicating with friends and groups. The filters are awesome and it's overall a good experience. However, ever since they updated the bitmojis and made them 3D it looks cringy and has kind of ruined it for me. I loved the 2D ones though please change it back to that. Also you should be able to access snapchat from the web on phone, but u can only edit basic things. It's still a good app but they could improve.,

2. I lost my streaks even though I paid within the given time. I'm expecting to be given my money back, even if it is just 99p. Also, the AI chat is pretty pointless, and from what I know, you can't delete it. It can lag quite a lot too, especially when recording. However, it's alright for chatting and scrolling on videos, and the filters are fun.,

3. The application suffers from a significant number of glitches. When attempting to edit my snap and then add a song, upon returning, the entire experience becomes disorganized and chaotic. The recipient of my snap is presented with a distorted image that I never intended, thanks to these glitches. Moreover, any information I edit is inaccurately placed, and the app automatically selects presets or filters that I was merely checking. This disrupts the intended user experience.,

4. Since the new update I am facing difficulties with the sticker feature. When I try and add stickers to my Snapchat, they are not appearing in the sticker drawer section. I am also having difficulty with searching for any specific names or content, it takes a really long time to load or it doesn't load at all. I have checked all settings and everything is fine and I have deleted the app and reinstalled it and still not working so It's very frustrating for me and would like for this to be sorted,

5. One of the most grippling application as there are multifarious filters along with emojis.However,we can not only stay in touch with our friends but also our celebrities whose have an account on that application and the unique thing about this app it gives a lot of functions in one platform such as stories,function of: streaks and spotlight ,AI. Having a chat with AI such an excellent thing as we can ask anything whether it could be about our profession or knowledge. So users should go with it.,

6. Great app. I text my girlfriend on it, but these past two days, it keeps saying sending on my messages. It never sends them, and when someone texts me, it get the notification about it, but the chat between me and the person doesn't show anything new. I know it's not a problem with my data, because I can launch any other app perfectly fine. It can't be a problem with my account either, because I can still log in when I'm connected to WiFi. Please solve this.,

7. Stops in the mid of videos and doesn't even show them, just has a loading symbol. 😒 this day and age you'd think people would be smart enough to make a simple app. Update**.. sometimes it takes a long time to upload a video.. and when trying to view my memories it doesn't load. And when I went to look at my memories b4, it showed me pics and videos I didn't even upload!!! Wonder if I can do something bout that. Uploading private pics and vids without my consent 🤔😤😤😡.,