List of Actionable Reviews:
1. My AI is so annoying. I've clicked on it by accident many times. There should be a free option to get rid of it. I don't think it's fair that iPhone users get dark mode for free, but android users have to pay for premium to have the option. Go back to the simplicity. I've had snap since 2013. It's a great way to send photos & videos to friends & family & keep in touch. The Discover Page & tiktok pages are also annoying. If i wanna watch tiktoks I'll go to tiktok where the videos are clear.,

2. Whatever recent updates have been made have broken this app. I barely ever get notification sounds any longer, nor does it activate my screen. I haven't changed any settings. I suddenly just don't get notifications for some reason, so I keep missing messages from people. And then some messages are coming in super late. Never had these issues before.,

3. This app is super buggy. Every time I add continuous video it either sends the cut clips in the wrong order, or duplicates the clip twice. Along side this I find the discover feed thing to be annoying, as well as the quick add feature. I feel like they're always trying to shove random people down my throat whenever I use the app. I just want you communicate with my friends. I wish there was an option to turn it off. The amount of times I almost sent personal stuff to random people is crazy.,

4. The advertisement of Snapchat+ is seriously invasive and annoying. I also find it hilarious that at first you had to pay for My AI, but now you have to pay to get rid of it. I also wish there was an option to turn off the discover page since I find it so distracting. The one thing I'll never stop complaining about is the new bitmojis. I don't think anyone was asking for creepy 3D ones, and the 2D ones were far more charming. It feels like you're trying to copy Meta (Facebook), disappointing.,

5. The updates are making this app fade into obscurity and is absolutely full of bugs, instability, loss of useful and popular features, totally bizarre and unusable touch screen controls that are not synced with the actual place where you are supposed to touch. On my s22ultra I have to hover a 1/4 of an inch above the icon for it to possibly work, but some on screen items will never be able to utilized from the ridiculous discrepancy of syncingthevm layout to the touchscreen.,

6. it's a easy way to send pictures and talk to other people but now it's just getting to be too much, an off-brand tiktok page, the bitmoji updates are starting to look a bit weird, I just wish we're the way they used to be. The AI is getting really annoying too, of there was a option to remove it completely that would be nice because sometimes when I click on a completely different conversation, it open the AI. The AI part of snap is all making me phone glitch a lot, but it could just be me.,

7. Horeible. Why can't you fix your app so that when a person makes a continuous video. When you click on there page to get the second video you can't find it.!!! Can you please make it easier for user to find the continuous video. This really upsets me. I watch a video and they say they have to continue it in another video and we'll you can't find it. It makes me mad!!. Gosh make it easier for your users!! I will change ratings once it's done!!,

8. The app functionality has been alright, not really here to comment on that. The bitmojis..I did not see the need to update them again, and they look worse. The extra detail really isn't needed when the previous ones actually looked good. Plus, the way the new one looks while editing and how it stands is definitely worse as well. If you're going to continue updating them, please keep the stickers how they are with the previous ones. Or give us an option to choose our bitmoji design, please.,

9. The discover is terrible, the spotlight is also bad, the AI is just annoying. Any ads they give or notifications for new features just gets in the way, and doesn't go away for a long time. There's also no point in trying to maintain streaks, as Snapchat will just take it away randomly, and asks for you to pay to restore it. And there is Snapchat+, which anything that you think would be accessible to the basic user, it's not. And stories repeatedly say you haven't watched them, even tho you have.,

10. I love this app, been using it for a long time. love communicating with friends and groups. The filters are awesome and it's overall a good experience. However, ever since they updated the bitmojis and made them 3D it looks cringy and has kind of ruined it for me. I loved the 2D ones though please change it back to that. Also you should be able to access snapchat from the web on phone, but u can only edit basic things. It's still a good app but they could improve.,

11. This app won't let me get past a pop-up window that comes up as soon as I open the app that states, We believe the camera should be optimized for each snapchatter that uses it. To do that Snap uses info about your face, hands, and voice to make certain features work learn more, and if you WANT to agree and continue tap below. I don't want to agree to this. But it won't let me click out of it or use the app in any way. Uninstalling...very frustrating. This is ridiculous.,

12. Too many bots/ spam/ inaccurate friend suggestions Useless features and too much push to promote paying for features. There should be a way to disable friend suggestions that appear beside stories since they are majority of the time people I have no idea who they are. There should be a way to keep 2 different profiles on a same device separate (including message requests and friend suggestions). AI should be able to have a disable/delete feature. Many flaws in app make me re-consider using it.,

13. Unless you plan to purchase a Snapchat+ plan, don't bother. Various features available to premium users will be advertised in big banners across the screen, impeding your ability to actually interact with the app. Want to click on a chat stream with some friends? Better do it quick, before the entire list is rearranged because they're trying to sell you some new feature! Don't want your messages screen cluttered up with their mediocre AI? Tough, you gotta pay to hide that.,

14. Inconvenient updates. Unnecessary changes that mean you can't always see content you follow. Way too many ads. Certainly not worth paying for. Content often freezes or gets stuck loading. Pics/videos sent from friends or family, you occasionally have to completely close out the app for them to pop up, or they never load. Developers keep removing helpful features and don't putting them back until after nearly a month, and they come back worse than before. Paid version not even worth free trial,

15. It's a fun & easy way to take selfies & group pics to share with friends & family and to capture memorable moments bc you are able to download/save photos to your device. I love the filters! There must be 1,000s of filters & the app allows you to save your favs & share. There's a lot more you can do within the app if you take the time to explore.,

16. Ever since the last update, the camera is in landscape mode as soon as I open the app, and there's no way to change it within the app itself. I have to either restart my phone, or uninstall and re-install the app, then it will open properly again, but only for a few uses before it opens in landscape mode again and I have to repeat the process.,

17. DON'T SAVE VIDEOS OR PICTURES ON SNAPCHAT, After some time, the videos/fotos you save on snap, cant open anymore. So you lose them. This is not just with old videos you save but also with new videos. This is stupid. I use snapchat for 7 years, and I am disappointed with it. Thank me later.,

18. It helps you to connect with thousands of people across the world. And most Importantly AI (artificial intelligence) it helps an individual to get answers about any rising questions within a second. It is very really helpful for students, employees, etc. Enjoying with many more interesting lenses. Capturing every moment. I am having a great time using Snapchat, thankyou.,

19. Now you can't share can't export to you phone this is really really bad app This app got the worst music and never have they change them. On top of takes allot of data just for opening it. I don't know why anything you do there goes data if not s little it's like 10 gig that's why I shot using it. Cause it makes no sense then there the update Why update if there's nothing new,

20. Something changed recently to where when you post a memory to your story anyone viewing cant see what date/time its from. It only says how long ago it was added to the story. Ex: If I post an OLD memory it says 1 hour ago instead of August 14th 2021 in the top left under the users name. I find it frustrating because when I want to post a memory I want to also include when it's from.,

21. The app was great before the new updates, since the new 3D bitmojis the app doesn't look great nor unique it's basic and annoying and the streaks are getting lost even though we send before the 24-hours max and you have to be subscribed to save them or restore them which is annoying, please bring back the old bitmojis back,

22. HAS WAY TO MUCH ADS. Each time I'm watching Snapchat I get atleats 1 minute each video and get another ad. It's so frustrating. BUT NOW. They added a new feature that makes your avatar look realistic it's so ugly please change it back to normal I hate it and I wanna delete this app,     

23. Snapchat on Android is a disappointment. The app is buggy, crashes frequently, and the camera quality is terrible. It lags during snaps, making the experience frustrating. Updates seem to make it worse, not better. Overall, it is a subpar and frustrating social media platform. Update... App continues to get worse with bugs and even more things that many users dislike, such as the new bitmojis.,

24. I love Snapchat Always been a big fan of it. You can take pictures & videos & save those memories into your phone & into the app. You control who adds you & who sees your posts. It's a great way to connect with old friends & family & make silly memories especially with the funny filters. I just wish snap would add back the games because those games were fun..I don't really like the Snapchat+,

25. Recent photos (from every other application) now in the way when trying to take a snap; could just upload from Memories under camera roll? Moving the emojis to the left under friend icons creates too much clutter on the left side and is hard to look at. Please stop changing the UI you keep making it worse.,

26. Snapchat is good for straightforward chatting, but it has gotten worse lately. Features that you usually would need isn't there, like replay YOUR OWN snap... and it keeps getting changed! I would delete it if I could, but so many people are using it. Not email or something.,

27. The app would be much improved if it had a dark mode NOT BEHIND A PAY WALL. As well as more options for length of time messages are kept and not allowing them to be saved in chat. The filters are ok and the stories are ok. DARK MODE SHOULD NOT BE A PAY WALL,

28. Hey I was using nothing Phone 2 and it seems the app is not optimised for the device as the snaps are having too much processing. Moreover there was a glitch with the night mode it was there when I first installed the app after that the night mode option is not showing at all. To bring it again I have to reinstall the app then it will show but it will only be for the 1st time I open the app.,

29. Banned for trying to log in, my wifi is slow, especially when everyone is on it. I was trying to get I to Snapchat to send my streaks, and due to slow wifi, j was unable to get in, it would just load. I exited and reentered the app a couple times, when I tried logging in the next day, it said my access was temporarily blocked due to multiple failed attempts to log in. I left it sit for over 24 hours, tried logging in and got the same message. It has now been over 2 days, and I am still banned.,

30. One of the most grippling application as there are multifarious filters along with emojis.However,we can not only stay in the touch of our friends but also our celebrities whose have a account on that application and the unique thing about this app it give a lot of functions in one platform such as stories,function of: streaks and spotlight ,AI. Having a chat with AI such a excellent thing as we can ask anything whether it could be about our profession or knowledge . So users should go with it.,

31. I really love this app, I can message my friends, there are so many different filters, I can watch as well and I have maps. This app is really good. The only thing that is really annoying is the new update, it has made the avatars so bad. Especially the facial features such as eyes, facial shape and more. It's really annoying to look at the avatars of my friends in chat. This app would be 5 stars if the update would be removed. I think that there should be an option between 2D and 3D avatars.,

32. Camera won't orient itself upright. Takes pictures as if I'm holding the phone the opposite way that I am holding it. (portrait vs landscape orientation) the filters have also stopped working. What is the issue?,